Who is it? Your teammate is dead
Is Tingting back?
Forget about that.
Hurry up and hide
Where am I hiding? You hide here
Who asked you to come back?
Didn't I say
Your father is not allowed to come back if he dies
The house was bought by Zhao Yang
Why can't my daughter come back?
your daughter
You are Zhao Yang's ex-wife
That's right, Zhao Yang is dead
This house and property belong to my daughter
Get out of here!
I said you ran for ten years, why are you back now?
It turned out to be thinking about Zhao Yang's money
I'll tell you what.
I am his legal wife
Don't even think about it.
Xiaoni
Where did you get that dog?
Where are you going?
The house is a pre-wedding scene
And my daughter has computing power.
Why should I let you study alone?
Uh-huh.
Ah!
Ahhh
Anyway, this property and this inheritance
I won't give you anything
You take your brat and get out of here
You can't give it.
Or let's do the law
Let the court judge the house of our old Zhao family
Why is it cheaper for two aliens?